W-17361464 postrel polish duke (#325)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/include-general-config.adoc

[IMPORTANT]
If you switch back to the basic configuration, some of the advanced configuration queries are removed.

> image::config-general-advanced.png["Advanced configuration example"]

Author: ```suggestion
image::config-general-advanced.png["Advanced configuration mode is on."]
```

> image::config-general-advanced.png["Advanced configuration mode is on."]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::config-general-advanced.png["Advanced configuration mode is on"]
```

Author: this is a full sentence
